France: The Legacy of Charlemagne
	The Hundred Years War: The French begin in a deep rivalry with England and a crossroads with Burgundy. Early diplomacy (or the lack thereof) will affect your game greatly.
	French Hegemony: France is in an exceptional position to dominate European politics if managed correctly. Few countries can step up to France one-on-one.
	French Musketeers: During the Age of Absolutism the French gain access to unparalleled land firepower by way of musketeers.
	Revolutionary Spirit: France has a unique event chain relating to the French Revolution of 1789. If played correctly, France could easily conquer what Napoleon dreamt of.
	The Costs of Power: France is routinely the target of coalitions due to its strong position. Make sure to keep an eye on your percieved aggressiveness.
Russia: The Masters of the Frontier
England: The Queen of the Seas or The Maritime Monarchs
Ottomans: The Eastern Scourge 
Castile: A Golden Crown
	A Dynastic Opportunity: Castile is in the perfect position to form a dynastic union over Aragon and extend influence over Italy. However, this can cause conflict with other strong countries who may have interests in Italy. 
	Golden Guns: The Spanish were known for their gold. Not only is there a gold mine near Madrid, but Spain can also obtain gold by way of New World mines. There should be no shortages of gold.
	The Royal Armada: Iberia is able to muster a formiddable navy. With the right ideas and strategy, it may be able to rival the British fleet.  
	The Unbreakable Tercios: During the Age of Reformation, Spain boasts one of the toughest armies in Europe. Cavalry charges are a thing of the past. 
	The Heathen Threat: Iberia is just off the cuff of many crusades. The redisual Islamic presence in the region can cause instability and early game difficulties. 

Sweden: The Northern Lion
Austria: The Guardian of the Empire
Poland: The Winged Bulwark 
Hungary: The Bastion of Europe
Mamluks: In Search for Rum  
Milan: The Jewel of Italy
Portugal: The Wolf of Mercantilism
Naples: The Sicilian Imposter or The Angevin Outsider or A Cornered Italian  
