France: Legacy of Charlemagne
	The Hundred Years War: The French begin in a deep rivalry with England and a crossroads with Burgundy. Early diplomacy (or the lack thereof) will affect your game greatly.
	French Hegemony: France is in an exceptional position to dominate European politics if managed correctly. Few countries can step up to France one-on-one.
	French Musketeers: During the Age of Absolutism the French gain access to unparalleled land firepower by way of musketeers.
	Revolutionary Spirit: France has a unique event chain relating to the French Revolution of 1789. If played correctly, France could easily conquer what Napoleon dreamt of.
	The Costs of Power: France is routinely the target of coalitions due to its strong position. Make sure to keep an eye on your percieved aggressiveness.
Russia: An Endless March
England: Naval Royalty
Ottomans: Ashes of the Purple Phoenix 
Castile: A Golden Crown
	A Dynastic Opportunity: Castile is in the perfect position to form a dynastic union over Aragon and extend influence over Italy. However, this can cause conflict with other strong countries who may have interests in Italy. 
	Golden Guns: The Spanish were known for their gold. Not only is there a gold mine near Madrid, but Spain can also obtain gold by way of New World mines. There should be no shortages of gold.
	The Royal Armada: Iberia is able to muster a formiddable navy. With the right ideas and strategy, it may be able to rival the British fleet.  
	The Unbreakable Tercios: During the Age of Reformation, Spain boasts one of the toughest armies in Europe. Cavalry charges are a thing of the past. 
	The Heathen Threat: Iberia is just off the cuff of many crusades. The redisual Islamic presence in the region can cause instability and early game difficulties. 
Austria: An Imperial Court
	Imperial Troops: 'Aided by the realms of the Empire, Austria can maintain a sizeable army. Austrian reserves are equally as imposing. Make sure to keep an eye on how many princes reign in the HRE as this directly affects the manpower and forcelimit benefit.',
        Three Crowns: 'Austria has unique event chains allowing it to claim the crowns of both Bohemia and Hungary. If played correctly, Austria can create a new empire all for itself.',
        Defend the Emperor!: 'Located on the Alps, Austria has immense geographical defenses similar to Switzerland. However, this rocky terrain is harder to develop than other terrain. This can be alleviated by the farmland present in Bohemia and Hungary.',
        Not Holy, Roman, Nor an Empire: 'The power of wearing the imperial crown is not free. Austria must manage internal HRE politics such as the votes of electors. While the HRE provides economic and military advantages, it also requires attentive micro-managing.',
        Enemies on All Fronts: 'Austria is surrounded by rivaling powers. To the West, France seeks to honor the legacy of Charlemagne. To the East, Russia and Poland struggle over dominance, and the Ottomans may try to add a new imperial city to their realm. To the South, the question of imperial loyalty may become a problem. To the North, Brandenburg may seek to remodel the HRE in its image.'
Burgundy: Dreams of Lotharingia
	The Burgundian Bloodline: At the start of the game Burgundy begins with royal unions on three lowland countries. Burgundy can use their unions to great benefit in early wars, and can develop the rich land for themselves later on. 
	An Army for Hire: The Burgundian crown has gotten used to using unconventional means to survive. Burgundy is able to maintain a mercenary army 15% cheaper and with 50% more manpower.
	